Fenwick Inc. has a very ambitious plan to open 3 large retail super stores within the greater Northeast England. At present the store location are suggested as South Shields, Newcastle and Gateshead area. In order the keep consistency for brand name each location will be constructed and designed using the same specification. The retail shopping area covers 150 × 100 m² and is primarily divided into following major sections i.e. home and decorations, groceries (including fruits and vegetables), clothing and electronics. The supermarket business relies heavily on accurate inventory control systems. To be a successful retailer, it is important that the company should accurately keep track of what products are selling well, and ensure that customers are satisfied with having what items they want are stocked on the shelves at all times. The company is interested to implement an automated inventory monitoring systems. Products on shelves are monitored using RFID systems. Each store location also holds an adjacent storage warehouse where good are stored.

The company wants to implement the new inventory monitoring and control system using new wireless technologies. Each item that is stocked on the shelves will be tracked by smart active RFID tags and fixed tag readers. Each tag reader periodically interrogates the items stocked on shelves and sends this information to main inventory control server (located within the same facility) every 10 minutes. All readers are connected to the local area network (decision about wireless or wired LAN is open to discussion at this point and company is interested to see solutions for both options). It is estimated that each transaction from a reader consists of readings from 100 items (data belonging to a single item is approximately 128 KB). It is further estimated that that one facility would host approximately between 400 to 500 readers throughout the store.

The Newcastle site will also act as the central site for the region hosting all application servers.Each site has 10 customer checkout points, which provide all facilities for electronic financial transactions. Each transaction is simultaneously recorded on company's financial servers as well as customers' bank. An average day sees about 1000 of such transactions with each of mean size 512 KB. Due to the nature of the transactions, this application needs guaranteed services of 99.99% RMA and delay of 100 ms.

To comply with customers' safety and local regulations, the company is required to have video surveillance capability throughout the store. It is expected an each store may require approximately 100 video camera that will record the activity on 24/7 basis. The video records are initially stored at a local server. At midnight these are transported in bulk to data storage facility located within the Newcastle facility.

The company has also plans to implement VOIP and IP Telephony services for internal communications. Each site has 50 VOIP users. There is no data available for usage patterns at this point.

"Your job is to design a secure, reliable, efficient and cost effective solution for this project"
