Abstract     | 10% | Outstanding abstract with outstanding structure within the word limit and brilliantly engineered to answer fully the questions with a summative approach.
Introduction | 20% | Outstanding introduction to the reader with outstanding structure within the word limit and brilliantly engineered to introduce the reader to the scope and purpose of this investigation. Absolutely spotless section with impact and contribution to similar environments.
Threat Model | 25% | Outstanding identification of threats with clear and evident threat trees relevant and linked to the case. Appropriate attack libraries and literature review throughout the section with clear links to defensive tactics, mitigation strategies and validation of threats. A systematic approach has been taken to fully utilize most relevant and appropriate technologies and threat modelling tools with rationalization on the challenges and issues in this scenario. Outstanding links to the way that cloud threats have been identified and linked to the case with clear indicators and discussion on taxonomies.
Design Specs | 15% | Outstanding design specifications with solid evidence on selection of technologies, controls. Clear and impact full motivation and clear rationale on the selections but most importantly exclusions made outstanding threat and vulnerabilities identification using structured and well-defined methodologies and tools. Students managed to demonstrate a scalable network architecture with clear controls in place and full rationalisation on scalability, privacy, security and autonomy. Outstanding ability to demonstrate the comparative effectiveness of solutions in place or those excluded from the design.
Ethical      | 10% | Outstanding remarks and definitions on the common legal and ethical aspects in the domain of interest with outstanding discussion on considerations that can influence the outcome of both the design and selection of controls in place. Students give the professional code of practice and privacy requirement with clear and a holistic discussion of the area with outstanding links to the case study with clear list of ethical issues and legal considerations.
Conclusions  | 10% | Outstanding conclusions with clear remarks on the strengths and limitations of the work undertaken with clear and strong evidence on the suggestions, recommendation and way forward with strong research underpinned solutions students managed to produce an outstanding summary of the work with clear indicators on their limitations, exclusions and way forward in this domain.
References   | 10% | Outstanding use of sources and citations throughout the document. Excellent structure, format and relevance to the case with most up-to date research and work in the area. Key identification of research and targeted citations throughout the document.
